Contributing
============

If you would like to contribute code, documentation, or other assets you can do so through GitHub by forking the repository and sending a pull request (PR). You can also simply report issues (bugs), but please search for any previous reports first.

File an Issue
-------------
You can report bugs and feature requests to [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/BBloggsbott/autobound/issues). As mentioned please look for a similar existing issue before submitting a new one.
Label issues with the corrsponding [labels](https://github.com/BBloggsbott/autobound/labels)

How to Submit a Pull Request
----------------------------
Pull requests are highly appreciated! Please follow the simple guidelines below.

1. Fork the repository to your personal GitHub account.
1. Create a topic branch for every separate change you make. The branch should have a short but explanatory name, such as "NewModel".
1. Apply your changes, committing at logical breaks. Make sure your changes are well-tested.
1. Push your branch to your personal account and [create a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).
1. Watch for comments or acceptance on your PR. The PR can be updated by just pushing to the original branch.

If you are submitting a PR with a new model, add some sample input and their corresponding segmented images generated by the model. Also, provide some metrics to help judge the model's performance. Make sure to update `autoboundTraining.ipynb` with your training method.